Pull in dbt tags onto asset definitions (#20549)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/integrations/dbt/reference.mdx

    yield from dbt.cli(["build"], context=context).stream()
```

### Customizing tags

> For dbt models, seeds, and snapshots, the default Dagster tags will be the dbt node's configured tags. dbt tags are strings, but Dagster tags are key-value pairs. To bridge this divide, the dbt tag string is used as the Dagster tag key, and the Dagster tag value is set to special sentinel value `"__dagster_no_value"`.

Reviewer: Let's hoist this up to a `Note`, and reorder the first sentence so that we don't start with lowercase "dbt".
```suggestion
<Note>
In Dagster, tags are key-value pairs. However, in dbt, tags are strings. To bridge this divide, the dbt tag string is used as the Dagster tag key, and the Dagster tag value is set to special sentinel value `"__dagster_no_value"`.

Any dbt tags that don't match Dagster's supported tag key format (e.g. they contain unsupported characters) will be ignored by default.
</Note>

For dbt models, seeds, and snapshots, the default Dagster tags will be the dbt node's configured tags.
```

Any dbt tags that don't match Dagster's supported tag key format (e.g. they contain unsupported characters) will be ignored.

To override the Dagster tags for all dbt nodes in your dbt project, you can create a custom <PyObject module="dagster_dbt" object="DagsterDbtTranslator" /> and implement <PyObject module="dagster_dbt" object="DagsterDbtTranslator" method="get_tags"/>. The following converts dbt tags of the form "foo=bar" to key/value pairs:

```python startafter=start_custom_tags_dagster_dbt_translator endbefore=end_custom_tags_dagster_dbt_translator file=/integrations/dbt/dbt.py dedent=4
from pathlib import Path
from dagster import AssetExecutionContext
from dagster_dbt import DagsterDbtTranslator, DbtCliResource, dbt_assets
from typing import Any, Mapping

manifest_path = Path("path/to/dbt_project/target/manifest.json")

class CustomDagsterDbtTranslator(DagsterDbtTranslator):
    def get_tags(self, dbt_resource_props: Mapping[str, Any]) -> Mapping[str, str]:
        dbt_tags = dbt_resource_props.get("tags", [])
        dagster_tags = {}

>         for tag in dbt_tags:
>             if "=" in tag:
>                 key, value = tag.split("=")
>             else:
>                 key, value = tag, "__dagster_no_value"
> 
>             dagster_tags[key] = value

Reviewer: Prefer [`str.partition(...)`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str.partition) in this example since we only want to split on the first `=`.

```suggestion
        for tag in dbt_tags:
            key, _, value = tag.partition("=")
            
            dagster_tags[key] = value if value else "__dagster_no_value"
```
